Add release notes for docker desktop 4.16.2 (#16553)
docker/docs: desktop/release-notes.md

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/general.md/#releases)

## 4.16.2

{% include release-date.html date="2023-01-19" %}

> Download Docker Desktop
>
> {% include desktop-install.html %}

### Bug fixes and enhancements

#### For all platforms

> - Fixed image tagging with an existing tag with the containerd integration.

Author: @rumpl I don’t quite understand what this means. Does it have to do with overwriting a tag when building an image, or something like that?

Reviewer: It's fixing `docker tag old new` when the `new` image already exists, the side-effect is that `docker buildx build` doesn't end in an error any more

Reviewer: Any ideas how to say it in a nicer way?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed `docker tag` not overwriting the target tag if it already exists (with containerd integration feature enabled)
```
Maybe something like this?

Reviewer 3: How's this?

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `docker tag` would overwrite existing tags when the containerd image store was enabled.
```

Reviewer 4: "would not" / "would produce an error".

The actual failure was that `docker build` would always fail with en error `image "<IMAGE NAME>": already exists`

```bash
docker build -t myimage .
...
image "docker.io/library/myimage:latest": already exists

echo $?
1
```

Author: So
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `docker tag` would not overwrite existing tags when the containerd image store was enabled.
```
?

Reviewer 4: Or perhaps;

> Fixed an issue where `docker build` and `docker tag` commands produced an `image already exists` error if the containerd integration feature was enabled.

@dvdksn @rumpl any preference / suggestions?

Reviewer: Let's go with your suggestion @thaJeztah

Author: (just formatting it as a suggested change to be able to click on the commit button)
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `docker build` and `docker tag` commands produced an `image already exists` error if the containerd integration feature is enabled.
```

Author: @aevesdocker does 👆 work for you?

Reviewer 5: Yes, LGTM!

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/general.md/#releases)

## 4.16.2

{% include release-date.html date="2023-01-19" %}

> Download Docker Desktop
>

> > {% include desktop-install.html %}

Reviewer 5: Do you have the new checksums for the new builds yet @mat007 ?

Author: I have now, I’ll update that file.

Author: Done!

### Bug fixes and enhancements

#### For all platforms

> - Fixed image tagging with an existing tag with the containerd integration.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `docker build` and `docker tag` commands produced an `image already exists` error if the containerd integration feature is enabled.
```
